More tests and some minimal docs for mixed ABI encoder use (#10003)
ethereum/solidity: docs/layout-of-source-files.rst

the same pragma, even though it is not considered experimental
anymore.

The set of types supported by the new encoder is a strict superset of
the ones supported by the old one. Contracts that use it can interact with ones

> that don't without limitations. The reverse is possible only as long as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that does not without limitations. The reverse is possible only as long as the
```
Expanding contractions

Author: Done.
